[Music]
or more.  Hey, about Carla Galeote, I
told her that the other day I said,
"Hey, we'll have a coffee when I'm in
Madrid, but if she comes here
we can chat."  It would be very interesting.
Someone finally has to tell me,
"Why am I a fascist?"  Okay?
Why am I a homophobe?  Okay?  And why
am I a xenophobe?  Someone has to explain it to me
because I don't understand it.
So if someone explains it to me
politely, I'll understand.  But you've
spoken to her privately, haven't you?
No, no, no.  I sent him a tweet
yesterday.  Sent yesterday.  I didn't find out
about that.  Where have you been?  I was in
a daze, man.  Well, I haven't noticed.   I would
love to bring her, M, because
those are the
interesting talks.  For example, when I
was with Ay, Fran left.  Fran left.   He
fell.  Well, look how pretty, how
pretty she stinks, right?  From the sun, right?  What a
beautiful sunset.  Do you see that
the connection is going
badly for him?  Look, there it is.  I'm so worried I wasn't
going to look at the tweet I posted.  Look, I'll
send it to you to see.  Ah,
you closed it, damn it.  I mean, you see that the
connection is there today.  I closed it myself.  I
closed it myself.  I closed it myself.  But let's see what
I tell you.  The replies I've made come
here.  Yes, we did the other day, and there was
a chat with Princess Carla
Galeote.  It would be very god, it would be very
interesting.  Look, I'll send it to you here
to see if I can send it to you, okay?
Damn, how do I
send a tweet?
But it is public, it is public.  Yes,
it's in one of my answers.  Oh, damn,
I'm going.  Wait, I'll get in.  Damn,
I was in a mess, wasn't I?
I didn't realize that.
Roberto is coming next week.  I
can say that now because
Roberto Roberto Vaquero.  Ah, good.  Yes,
next week
Roberto Vaquero is coming, who I love,
eh, I may not agree more or less with
some things, but the truth is that the
guy seems to me to be a very
super correct guy, super polite and above all
with very clear ideas.   I
like it a lot, Roberto.  Look, that's it
.  Damn, I haven't seen this,
man.  Oh wait, I put it on
mute.  I shared it without sound.  I didn't
expect the
click.  Wow, that's strong.
jungle because I liked the man who
treated the animals well,
now turned into a neo-fascist who
basically calls me a [ __ ] in a good way in
a piece of [ __ ] that has to be seen by four
kids who also think they are fascists and
are very funny.  Answer me this,
Fran Cuesta is going to answer me.  The curious thing is
that Fran Cuesta later claimed he received
money from Pedro Sánchez.  It's all an
evil plan by Pedro Sánchez, just
imagine.  The thing is, women who talk
about feminism on social media are there
because a man put us there, not
because we have anything to contribute to
society.  Well, look, Carla, will you allow me
a license?  Fran, invite us to
your salary.  Hey Fran, if you invite me
to the sanctuary, I swear we'll have all
the feminist debates you want.
Invite me.  And we go on camera.
If we go there, I'd better take Yuso too,
because we'd have a few laughs.
I never sit down with
fascist men, but I would sit down with Fran Cuesta
to talk.  You accept the challenge, huh,
Juan?  Fran, my, I mean, wait, wait,
wait, wait.  The thing is that she comes and
says that you called her a [ __ ] and I don't know
what four cats see.  What does this refer to
?
No, it's not here.  It might be my videos or I don't know,
but my videos, but my videos and my
live streams are watched by more people than all of these
people's shows put together,
damn.  And this too, right?  Let's see
how the videos go this month.  I, I don't
know, I don't know how many people
are watching us right now, but my
videos, my videos go
19218546248 where where where does she
think that you called her a [ __ ] where did she
go here.   I do
n't know where it could be, I don't know, any
of these places where I do my
live shows or something like that, but
don't call her a [ __ ].  I said yes
, but where did it go?  Because she
said that you did it in a way that
no one sees.   It has to
be either on my
live streams or on Twitter, but I post a
tweet and 800,000 retweets of
those or whatever it's called come out
and he goes and says hey, he wants
you to go there.  No, she'll have to come
here.  No, no, man, come on, coming
here to the sanctuary is complicated, okay?
Also, the other two fish were getting
the free ride, but,
man, we could have a chat here,
damn it.  At least she's a polite girl, you
know?  that don't come to you.  I'm going to
write it.  I'm going to write to you privately.
Let's see if he comes.  So, uh, what I
want is for you to explain to me why I am a
fascist.  I mean, no, no, because if I do
n't answer you, I'll write to
him privately.  He hasn't
blocked me or anything.
So, everyone can do what they
want.  What's happening here is that
there's a
generational concept, there's a huge generational clash
.  Me with a lot of people.  I mean,
you think that you and I come from a
generation where we've listened to the
radio, we've recorded music from the radio,
we've recorded music from cassettes, we've
recorded music from CDs, we've seen
MP3s and we've seen what
Spotify is.  We come from a
generation where computers were born
with
us, okay?  That is to say, we come from
a generation where we play in the
street.  We come from a generation where you
cut yourself or hurt your
knee.  It wasn't a bad thing, it was an honor.   It
was, [ __ ], look at the wound I got, you
know?  It was an era to boast about,
we come from a very different generation.
So, the generations now, as they
are generations in which
everything has been passed down, in rights, rights,
rights, rights,
rights, are people who in some way have
not had a bad time, although there are
many people who have had a bad time, but they are not
generations that have had to fight
for things.  For me, when they
call me
homophobic, it really hurts me for many
reasons, but for
personal reasons, because I have taken
blows.
of skin
heads, you know?  They don't.  A 20-
year-old kid hasn't been hit.  They
can call him a [ __ ], but just as
they can call him fat, ugly, or they
can call you a chav and they can
call me old.  Past, past.  But but
they haven't been hit.  That thing about
them not hitting them.  No, no, no, no.
Now come on, you're going to beat up three
[ __ ] and they're going to beat the [ __ ]
out of you, you know?  Because it's not like
before when they were afraid.  I mean, people
before, people who weren't
heterosexual were afraid.  They lived in
fear.  I've only lived, man.  So, when people
call me homophobic, when they call me
fascist, people who were born with everything
done, man, it really pisses me off.  Maybe
I'm a fascist in some ways for
them, but they don't know what
fascism is.  Fascism is that if
someone said something I didn't
agree with, I would go and beat them up.  That
's fascism.  I'll shut you up, I'll
destroy you.  Or you say the same thing I
want, I'll blow you up.  But they talk
about things that are not fascist.  When he
says, "Vito who is a fascist."  No
no.  You're the fascist who broke his
microphone, man.  Total.  There are some
concepts, but come on, they are totally
wrong and they say neo-fascist.  He
told me, "I don't know what neo-fascist is,
but well, eh, homophobic, something like
that."  I want you to explain it to me, that
is, explain to me what
homophobia is.  I'm going to explain to you what
homophobia is.  I can explain to
Carla Galeote what homophobia is,
just as she can explain to me what
feminism is, okay?  Well, I've never
been involved in any
feminist group, nor have I been interested in
feminism, you know?  I'm interested in
my daughter living in a world where she can
get a job because she's worthy of
it.  That's it.   Just
because I'm a woman doesn't mean I have boobs and I'm
hot or ugly.  Know?  I want a
world where she lives and can
defend herself, not a world
where some [ __ ] comes to
defend her.  I don't want that.  I don't want
that.  An interesting conversation might come out of
there, huh.  I hope I hope you don't see her
.  This aunt is not stupid.   I
mean, this woman has been in
the media for a long time, she knows how to talk, she knows how to
express herself, but I want her to
explain to me why I'm a fascist and a
homophobe.  Explain it to me, yophobe.  There
we throw down the gauntlet, shall we?  But no matter
what, please explain it to me.  Someone
has to explain it to me from the left.   They
call him fascist.  Fascist, fascist,
homophobe, homophobe.  Tell me why.
Tell me why.  And I debate it or I don't
debate it and maybe in the end I say, "Hey,
well he's right, I'm a fascist in
2025. Maybe fascism is
something else now, you know? It has nothing to do with
the pastio. Maybe it has nothing to do
with inviting the three of them to the sanctuary,
it's more complicated right now, right?
Man, the other two fish are going to
die here in 15 minutes.
Man, if I didn't die, if I didn't die
. No, no, no, but no, no. I'm going
to invite them, no, because
sanctuary friends aren't coming. Friends are coming
totally. And that's it. Totally.
[Music]